aws-backup: add page (#9369)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-backup.md

# aws backup

> Unified backup service designed to protect Amazon Web Services services and their associated data.
> More information: <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/backup/index.html>.

> - Return BackupPlan details for the specified BackupPlanId:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return BackupPlan details for a specific BackupPlanId:
```

Optional fix: `a specific` may sound better.

`aws backup get-backup-plan --backup-plan-id {{id}}`

> - Create a backup plan using a backup plan name and backup rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a backup plan using a specific backup plan name and backup rules:
```

The same issue as above.

`aws backup create-backup-plan --backup-plan {{plan}}`

> - Delete a backup plan:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete a specific backup plan:
```

The same issue as above.

`aws backup delete-backup-plan --backup-plan-id {{id}}`

> - Return a list of all active backup plans for an authenticated account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return a list of all active backup plans for the current account:
```

Optional fix: `the current` may sound better.

`aws backup list-backup-plans`

> - Return details about your report jobs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List details about your report jobs:
```

Optional fix: `list` may sound better as POSIX-compatible shells don't return anything except exit codes actually.
